updated README with acceptance test directions (#11)
t-keazirian/HTTPServer: README.md

This project uses xUnit.net for testing. Visit [this][5] website for more information and how to use xUnit.net.

This project also uses Acceptance tests written in Cucumber Code found [here][9]. You can read more about Cucumber Code [here][10].

### To Run the Tests:

```shell
dotnet test
```

### Acceptance Tests:
To run the acceptance tests:
1. You will need [Ruby][6] version `2.5.1`.  You can install Ruby using [brew][7] or the Ruby [docs][8]. 
2. Once it is installed, run `ruby -v` to confirm you are using the appropriate version.
3. Next, run `bundler install`.
4. Start your HTTP server on port `5000`

> 5. Run the acceptance tests using `rake test`.

Reviewer: I suggest explaining how to run your server on a specific port.  (looks like right now its a non-configurable code change - a nice update would be a way to pass a port override as a command line argument).

This project uses xUnit.net for testing. Visit [this][5] website for more information and how to use xUnit.net.

> This project also uses Acceptance tests written in Cucumber Code found [here][9]. You can read more about Cucumber Code [here][10].

Reviewer: Why use "here" when you can just link directly?

```suggestion
This project also uses an [acceptance tests suite][9] written using [Cucumber][10]. 
```

### To Run the Tests:

```shell
dotnet test
```

### Acceptance Tests:

> **Setup**

Reviewer: When making a choice between [emphasis vs headers](https://cirosantilli.com/markdown-style-guide/#emphasis-vs-headers) in markdown, choose headers.

```suggestion
#### Setup
```

1. You will need [Ruby][6] version `2.5.1`.  You can install Ruby using [brew][7] or the Ruby [docs][8]. 
2. Once it is installed, run `ruby -v` to confirm you are using the appropriate version.
3. Next, run `bundler install`.

> **Steps to Run**

Reviewer: When making a choice between [emphasis vs headers](https://cirosantilli.com/markdown-style-guide/#emphasis-vs-headers) in markdown, choose headers.

```suggestion
#### Steps to Run
```
